# Tuesday, December 15 2020

## Tasks
- [ ] Learn Recurly CLI: recurly up, recurly start recurly-app rails c, etc
- [x] Learn Imports/Exports
- [ ] Practice SQL querries
- [x] Practice VIM
- [ ] Move Journal to proper location
- [ ] Try Vim adventures
- [ ] Recurly Job opening
- [ ] Eye Doc
## Recap
* IMPORTS IMPORTS IMPORTS
* Temux: I need to go back and solidify myself on these controls
* * tmaxcheatsheet
* VIM: See above comment
* * vim adventures
* * vim cheat sheet
* Imports/Exports
* * look at import-export-vm-help slack chanel
* * first item there helps a lot for start up
* * gcloud auth login --update-adc    # run this at the beginning of the day (does something)
* * gcloud compute ssh import-export --project=devops-f467c7d5 --zone=us-east4-a     # to login? I'm pretty sure
* * how do I get back in and then how do I porperly log out of tmux/imports/exports

* **SPEAK IN PATHS**


## Notes
### Import/Export Training

* Look at the import-export-vm-help slack channel
* * Post by Ryan on Dec 4th
* * Post by Andrew on Dec 10th

* Log into the box
* stay in my import box folder
* go in the import_templates
* * bunch of import templates in there, help streamline things
* go in test_import
* go in data
    DON'T EVER TRANSFER CARD DATA TO LAPTOP OR ANY NON SAFE ENVIRONMENTS
    Modifications can also mess things up, don't edit it becuase then we need to request info from gateway which takes 7+ days and costs $$
    NEVERY USE WQ! OR W! 
* cd back out
* looking at mapping file
* * Check we hae api key, only add it at the end when we're reading to do
* * make sure definitions of the files are correct. ex: data/accounts.csv
* * FILE_JOIN: Need to confirm that these are correct. Merchant defines that so we need to confirm with them
* * Bunch of helper functions to modify the data. I can also make my own
* * Some times data is incomplete vs what our API needs. 
* * * Mapping file is my record of what I did. Never edit in vim.
* * If I need to replace my mapping file, there is a directory I can copy from.
* cd to root
* now we can think about doing a prep run
* will need an imports recurly app page (or maybe this will be the new merchant's app)
* will also need api key available for it too
* When following the script
* * start wiht test import
* * outputs the Secure Directory, Billing Directory, Subscription Directory
* go back to subdomain
* * start with data, apping, makefile
* * * maybe remove data?
* * pull in test files (not sure from where exactly) Maybe from test import repo
* * do a visualy validation of data
* * * vim accounts.csv
* * * missing data, email with no @ symbold, extra commas in an address
* * * if it needs to change, you can make changes in the api but I need to connect with merchant
* * visual check of card file (maybe?)
* * * vim cards.csv
* * * sometimes there are multiple cards per account, might need to ask merchants to see how they want to handle this
* go back to dubdomain (of recurly app)
* run 'make prep'
* *  this will run the script 'make' in the Makefile
* * ouptus acounts_created.txt file (helps avoid duplicates)
* * outputs prep)account_import_result_timestamp
* * * outputs expected errors
**Hit Q + enter to gracefully exit if I need to make an emergency stop. DON't KILL THINGS A'LA CNTRl + C**
* * Also if I don't do that I could lose my logs
* prep_file
* * does a bunch of things to hopefully pull the data and change it to something importable. Don't make changes here unless approved
**roughly 1.2 - 1.4 seconds per 10 records**
* * "Recurly-Skip_Authorization" set to true means we aren't reverifying cards. Should've already been done
* tmux session will continue to run in the background. I can quit the terminal and it'll keep going
* after I run it,
* * tells me the result
* * where are things
* * details of results
* * copy stats to jira, how many did we import vs how many failures
* Subscriptions imports
* * look in the github v2-api-data-imports/tree/master/[improt-type]
* *  if there are no custom fields, we'll need to comment some fields out in the mapping
* * * set up custom field in the UI first if they are needed, otherwise things can error out
* * watch out for currency issues, if the currency override didn't work look at lin 62  subscription_import_record.rb
* benchmark for sub import is 4k to 6k records per hour
* * use this knowledge to coordinate when do to the import about when these things need to be done
* 300 threads

### afternoon session
tmux cheatsheet. look it up to switch pane
