# Tuesday, June 22 2021

### https://jira.recurly.net/browse/EE-1368 (P2) Output Invoice States
- [x] Got updated data sheet and confirm this is data they want to use
- [x] Broke out into the different categories they have listed on the ticket
- [x] Make sure scripts are ready to go for them
* env: INPUT_FILE, SUBDOMAIN, SILENCE_EMAILS,
* csv header: invoice_number
* When trying to mark_failed a processing invoice
* * Need to mark the processing transaction as failed as well, otherwise there will be nowhere for the refund credit to go
* * Also need to make sure the invoice balance is fixed appropriately.
* * If not doing this, the refund invoice will void
* Do they want us to fail those invoices/subs if they are still in the dunning window?
* * we will need to set next_comm_at if they want to set it to past_due instead
* Don't fail the sub unless
* Don't use the tools in support-data if the site I am working on is not a legacy site
* * the credit invoice feature flag is how I tell if that will be okay or not
* * The tools just use sql statements and won't catch all that is needed for credit invoices.
* Way to make past_due invoices
* * on site configuration - hosted page settings - check 'enable account management page' - check 'pay invoices online'
* * Then when you sign up for a subscription you can use the hosted page to input the card of choice

### https://jira.recurly.net/browse/EE-1308 (P2) Blinkist questions on trial periods
- [x] Waiting to hear back for more follow up to my response yesterday
* Gave them docs on how trial periods can be created without a trial on the Recurly plan
* Gave Harrison the docs how they can set up trials through the api and how they work (add onto the plan time, not cut into it)
* Asked what they 'legacy issue' in their system is, why they need to have the 5 min offset
- [x] Assigned Jon from CEs to shadow if they start to ask for calls, more integration work

### https://jira.recurly.net/browse/EE-1470 (P1) Royaltie GC status
- [x] Waiting for follow up
* Ran script to update creditors Monday, didn't change status
* Did config test yesterday and said their credentials are invalid

### https://jira.recurly.net/browse/EE-1464 (P1) Splice User Sign up Issues
- [x] Ran script last week to remove user
* Had to ask for Barton to remove that record from ES after I removed from DB
- [ ] Waiting for follow up from merchant on which user to remove next
* They added two for the email address
* Want to confirm if I need to remove both or only 1 of them.

### Update GC Creditor Script to be Reusalbe
- [ ] Make PR for reusable support scripts
* Related to ee-1470 and the script ran there
* LOW PRIORITY

### Things To Learn/To Do
* Learn tables
* Be the expert on a team about a feature (payment gateways as a start?)
* * Update some of its documentation
* Layout process on how to ask quetsions that are needed to start learning what is going on a ticket.
* * What needs to be cleared up in every ticket?
* Can I update a features documentation?
* Can I help more get the org prepped for the next incident.
* * we have a BQ view for that: "select * from lh_all.cmn_features"
* * * BQ query to find a site's site settings/feature flags
* * What can we do?
* * * Have people assigned to roles? Training? etc.
* What do I need to remember to think about when submitting support tickets?
* Make sure I timebox!
* Take notes, use my ENG journal
* "Code is read many more times than it is written" - Mike West during incident retro
* Learn codefresh better
* * Aks what people like Lex mean when they say "learn how codefresh builds work"
* Retro a ticket when I close it out
* testing workflow needs to improve

